# DES9 v1.0

DES9 is a bitwise-operation utility. The reality is that it probably doesn't do much in this scenario. In reality instead, is the real ability to shrink data to confounding-ly small gradations. By operating with a even this smallest key set, the 5 bits we see in this program generate a later-solved enigma of so much more data from it. By descending from low ordered proximity, with an absolute faculty number, ( e.g. the number of bytes to attempt as a maximum, argument 1) the program iterates to that size, based on a 4 bitwise set of operations. Bitwise enumeration is in itself a somewhat metaphorical way of developing a conscious thought. These are 2^4 possible outcomes with the program. But in reality are unlimited more.

See, the 2^4 is in actuality, per faculty. This engineering represents the totality of the cryptographic and compressing data programming fields. Thereon, with this instance of the program, there be no limits. And to be perfectly fair, there's no output it cannot do. There is no threshing floor it cannot designate, to draw upon metaphorical verse. So by creating this program, it stands to reason, we may wish to find a way to reverse engineer this program and collocate a perfectly huge number of bytes into 5 bits. Good luck.

This program may also be good at vector arrangement solutions, creating a new AI interface format, where a computer may begin to see by typifying objects by shape and canonically chronicling space around the said AI. This relates as much to Hutter as the prize submissionist's drive is alone to create that perfect form of intelligent device. So by being iterative, along a stage of common thesis, I can assume that we would definitely administer the same effective thread. Marcus, if you read this, I would love to hear your input on this sigma string pattern.

This may need some type of bookmarking around spaces, by deriving the total byte sums and creatively assigning them to vectors in a space. Therein lies the compass for the program. It essentially writes the area down and gives it a routine to follow in order to navigate the perimeter or through obstacles. This may seem to some of those lesser attached to the idea of smart robotics, as a distance from the reality we would need. But, I assure that those in the qualifying fields must feel ample reason. The sense comes from the empirically analytical way in which to bring a picture to the robots mind. By photographing the moment in this space, we can observe the instance of space-time & refer it to a way around, or into, the object; to either grasp or angle around the object in the midst of the robot.

-the aunk
